so what is going to this 17 starbucks
here coming to you guys with a yank sing
that for neck profile and today ray top
32 it yang Zing's and he was only
yangdding players in his entire
tournament so he's in the showcases deck
profile let's get it actually there are
a lot of names in clear since its
meeting in the time oh really yeah Wow
okay okay okay ray thanks okay let's go
ahead so what bosses you play yeah but--
islands because that's all so flip it
flip it yeah third one is so yeah yeah
this will be a very pretty white
commercial because most of most gangs in
players don't even watch this yeah like
me too because I just I just use this
again yeah because when you do the job
yeah are three hang seng someone this i
know man i swannee me like I remember me
level 7 yahoo june or that's practice
bonilla and running a disc enjoy yeah
exactly how about is at three thank you
guys you're gonna do it your thick fog
okay yeah next next so of course the
triple John me yep yeah that's nice
you're not gonna come you're home triple
Swan ease
triple Dixie so I these are standard
Jackson Chan that's a very standard this
build is only changed when when
Russell's comes why are watching
crossover sauce because there's the the
pendulum yang Zing's it was really
because the problem with jeggings is if
you got too much monsters you break your
exact weight pretty much dead and it's
so normal summon reliant yeah just one
comp us one minute last you attend open
to all the cakes yeah with a unit
rustles format you the pendulums will
make up on the bitterness yeah exactly
exactly all right and of course one out
I and just do it so that i could make
level 89 monsters yeah even with chai
wanna see children Wow because if you do
the math and you do the job to play yeah
me do a monster with zero attack is the
students yeah exactly so
you could only do a level 8 monster with
a top of me oh yeah a few years if you
got this you can make a level 8 synchro
you seen this thing in so so so you make
back cher with those three not just
backs yeah we could make abuse that you
know is no more and more like more socks
imagine how is the Kennedys mash tun
yeah it's hard to deal with it exactly
and so so so it yeah so it's like a
favor busters yeah it's gonna God super
maxi so true back she is very avoid this
for bad yeah now get meaning Maxie's
varying in one community this message
situation of if it's a good pop back
when you're in the game yeah exactly I
the spouse / spells for our season one
reg a ki ora Jackie haha yeah so spirit
or iPad yeah what up what up Thomas
nitro ever sees your full time what so
charged so touch the wing bar on a few
Yankees because when you did when you
did your Java combo yeah you so charged
when you go like a best first is when
you make Hypatia yeah then you saw
charge into this
when you do that for my when you do not
set up what you will do is doing your
opponent's Memphis very tasty what so so
you can chop their combos we will let
those thing in the field is yeah so your
opponent will have to take the reggae
exactly exactly what I'm doing please 20
opponents yeah some are another box it's
almost three parts to the deck so it's
ok back to the deck so they will they
will play the game with a minus three
exactly yeah that's how you be me yeah
sorry we're trapped your traps where's
your traps ready that right there right
there your traps before is it better to
join so sports south territory so Drake
yeah because mark cross here yeah you
can thank you parental control Enza and
Thanks skilled rates not enough to bring
food so breakthroughs triple creation to
vacation the MVP that's why I made an
appt this leap mistake oh this car just
wrecks the entire wow it's a double
mistake yeah it wrecks now entire map
Rex the meta yeah yes because almost
everyone searched exactly you're not
you're not entirely effective yeah so
round one against Clifford stated scout
the 800 took a steak okay okay exactly
it's a anything ok so now off to your
side deck real quick to show us what you
play to your side deck double mirror
force yep because most players during
Game two they want to attack gang things
without my ball and they want to disable
the floating engine yeah so this is what
this thing will catch them off guard and
I want to gain to this Wow iron wall you
know inferno hoods in front of a giant
wall exactly tangent reloads the venue's
close please haha three minutes thank
you Miss game to you use a Java combo
someone join us apart and set this
exactly and then just flip it on your
phone and start the spark will cover it
once the MST snatch over yes
4 4 s nights heroine creature slaughter
and disappearance alright so that is it
for your side deck now off to your extra
deck real quick what have you played
your x-ray and to swim to school
prisoner for your side I don't worry
awesome noble hero
one boy yo
Monstar this part Master scrap dragon
backhoes views later I made this awkward
and double box here alright so that is
it for your deck profile rady up anybody
else you want to say about this deck I
want to change the scope prisoners ok
this is to be been really huh ok so the
only thing that you're waiting for is
the pendulums for the next set yeah ok
ok thank you so much for your deck
profile and teams house when Sam Seidel
please don't forget to subscribe for
more you've your videos